Why are you drinking so much again?
Ah!
Guess who I saw today?
Alienate you bitch
What!
He actually has the face to appear in front of our Lu family
Did he forget how he killed your father?
He can now climb the high branch of the co-pilot
On the contrary, Fu Siye gave me a slap in the face
Fu Siye
That's not the man who had a one-night stand without makeup
They are actually together
Mom, I looked at Su Yan face to face today
He seems to have forgotten what happened
Instead, he took the initiative to come and talk and laugh with me
Are you saying he's pretending or is he really busy?
Could it be amnesia?
Humph
Amnesia, just in time, son, our chance has come
You have a way to clean up the alienation
Didn't you say that you don't think about the night without makeup lamps?
Such a good trump card
Just enough to use him to defeat the retrial
Let us take the opportunity to become a leading enterprise
How?
I'm going to put some things together tonight.
I'll give it to you tomorrow.
Then you will know